So next, we're going to revisit a topic that we have
already discussed called AWS Organizations.
But we're bringing it back because we want to talk about another management
service, and that is Control Tower. So quickly, revisiting AWS Organizations. So
it allows companies to manage multiple accounts under a single master account,
and it provides organizations with the ability to leverage a feature called
consolidated billing where it'll roll up all those child accounts under the
parent account for the billing.
And, it enables organizations to centralize logging and
security standards across accounts.
But really up to this point,
we've talked about what you can do with AWS Organizations,
but we haven't necessarily talked about what you should do with it.
And so, AWS collected a lot of the best practices for this
multi‑account setup under a service called Control Tower.
And so Control Tower is a service that creates this
multi‑account environment based on recommended best practices
in areas like operational efficiency, security, and governance.
So let's look at Control Tower at a little bit of a
deeper level. So first of all,
it does things like centralizing users across all AWS accounts,
and this allows us to minimize effort of creating
users across multiple accounts.
And, it provides a way to create new AWS accounts based on templates.
So maybe you want to be sure that every AWS account that is created within your
finance department has specific settings included with it.
It also includes this feature called guardrails,
and this helps make sure that there are specific protections
for accounts underneath your master account.
So let's say, for example,
you want to be sure that CloudTrail doesn't get turned
off in any of the child accounts.
Well,
that is an example guardrail that can be included to make
sure that they stay in compliance with what you want each of
your child accounts to be doing.
And it also includes a dashboard so that you can gain operational insights from a single view across all of your accounts.